Introduction

Token-curated Registry

Data is the new oil in the technological era. End-users desire access to
trusted, curated source of data. This applies to every industry: list of
curated cryptocurrency news, list of trusted advertisers, best
restaurants in San Francisco, top business schools, whitelisted wallets
for security token traders, blacklisted wallet for known hackers, etc.
Such data is traditionally curated by a central source of authority
which is often biased and provide no transparency to the general public.

Token-curated registry (TCR) is a structured dataset, often referred to
as a list, which is decentrally curated by token holders. TCR uses token
to assign voting right proportional to the number of tokens held. Band
Protocol is a standard protocol to issue TCR, each with its own
intrinsic token. Token’s value links directly to the usefulness of that
particular TCR. If the TCR is useful and there are followers, there will
be market demand for applicants to buy tokens and submit their data to
be included within the dataset.

Why Blockchain and Tokens

Decentralized curation lacks quality because previously there is no
incentive for moderation. Blockchain enables the creation of new asset
class, cryptographic token, which acts as an economic incentive to
trustlessly coordinate people around a certain objective. Bitcoin  is an
economic incentive for miners to stay honest with transaction
verification and make it extremely expensive to attack the network.

In a similar fashion, token becomes an economic incentive for curators
to submit and verify data in Band Protocol. To ensure integrity, token
staking mechanism is necessary to incentivize honesty. Tokens make it
economically irrational for bad data to exist in the database. If
curated dataset is useful, it will attract more followers and users who
in turn attract more applicants who wish to submit data to be included
within the list. Token holders can make money by challenging bad data
submission and by curating useful dataset. If token holders are biased
in their curation, data becomes useless. There will be no followers, no
applicants and thus it materially affects their token’s value. It is in
their best interest to curate the most useful set of data.

Band Architecture

Band blockchain, though primarily created as a data curation platform,
is engineered as a generic smart contract runtime system, with a
collection of handcrafted, specialized contracts for business logic.
Band blockchain consists of two primary layers.

[]

Blockchain Layer

This layer is responsible for ensuring that all nodes (1) agree on the
same on-chain data and transactions, (2) apply the same bandwidth limit
logic, and (3) execute the same smart contract code. One can think of
this layer as an Ethereum-like blockchain that supports any
turing-complete smart contracts, though with a significantly higher
number of transactions per second (approximately 3000 TPS) and a feeless
incentive model.

Band Protocol

Band protocol is a collection of smart contracts designed to support
running data curation platforms. Smart contracts are C++ native objects
with direct access to other contracts and blockchain information. The
contracts are bundled together in a single blockchain release, and
together responsible for providing Band protocol functionalities.

We design the blockchain this way to achieve 4 major design goals:
performance, simplicity, extensibility, and scalability.

Performance

Band blockchain logic, including smart contracts execution, is written
completely in the C++ programming language with direct focus on code
performance. Because smart contracts are compiled together with the core
logic monolithically into a single native executable binary, complex
whole-program optimization  can be applied. Additionally, because smart
contracts are linked statically, there is zero runtime overhead of
interpreters or virtual machines, which is different from mainstream
smart contract blockchains such as Ethereum, NEO, and EOS .

Simplicity

The core blockchain layer logic does not impose any assumption on
business logic, making it very lightweight. For instance, the decision
to use cryptographic signature for accounts is at the smart contract
level, with Ed25519  used by the default Band Account contract, similar
to the yet-to-be-implemented EIP-86 proposal . This independent
structure makes the platform easy to change and easy to verify
correctness.

Extensibility

Being fundamentally an open-source smart contract runtime system, Band
blockchain can be extended with more functionalities merely by adding
more smart contracts. In the future, if there is a discovery of an
innovative data curation method, such algorithm can be written as a Band
smart contract, verified its correctness, and incorporated seamlessly
into Band blockchain. This extensible nature also allows the community
to fork Band blockchain to more functionalities if deemed necessary.

Scalability

Band blockchain is designed to support Plasma scalability paradigm  from
day zero. The plasma contract is part of Band protocol and that
potentially extends the blockchain to support millions of transactions
per second in parallel without compromising blockchain security.

Blockchain Layer

This section describes the architecture of the blockchain layer of Band
chain. For non-technical reader, feel free to skip to Band Protocol in 3

Delegated Proof-of-Stake Consensus

Band blockchain uses delegated proof-of-stake consensus mechanism to
ensure that the state of the world are consistent among all running
nodes. Band chain is implemented as a Tendermint ABCI application.

Tendermint

Tendermint is a partially synchronous Byzantine fault tolerance
consensus protocol. In Band system, Tendermint is responsible for
connecting the nodes and ensuring that all validators agree on a block,
while Band blockchain implements Tendermint’s Application BlockChain
Interface (ABCI) and is responsible for maintaining the blockchain state
and verifying transactions. We decide to use Tendermint in the first
stage of development for several reasons:

-   Tendermint is widely adopted and well recognized. It is currently
    used by multiple real-world blockchain systems, such as Cosmos  and
    OmiseGo . It is open-source and has undergone public reviews.

-   Tendermint is theoretically able to handle more than 10,000
    transactions per second  with minimal block confirmation time. In
    practice, we are able to consistently maintain 3,000 transactions
    per second when running Tendermint with Band application.

-   Tendermint consensus protocol can quickly identify malicious actors,
    allowing blockchain application to quickly punish them. It is also
    resistant against most existing attack vectors  in the consensus
    level.

Consensus

In Tendermint, each node that participates in the consensus has a
non-negative voting power. To produce a block, more than $\frac{2}{3}$
of the voting power must agree on the block validity. Tendermint allows
ABCI to specify the voting power of each node. Band protocol gives each
node a voting power proportionally to the amount of Band token staked by
that node to the validating contract (See 2.2.1 for stake contract).

Validators

Tendermint performance will degrade with more number of validators, as
more validators introduce more overhead in terms of network
communication and node computation. Thus, Band protocol only allows up
to certain number of active validators at any point in time, which is
the top n stakers by the amount of staked Band token. All other stakers
will not be able to produce blocks. To circumvent this problem, Band
protocol allows anyone to delegate their staked Band for another party.
With this, stakers can earn from Band inflation regardless of the amount
of Band they have. Note that if the person one is staking for is acting
maliciously, one loses all Band that was delegated to the malicious
person.

Blockchain Parameters

Block Size

There is no traditional block size limit. However, a block is limited to
contain at most 3,000 transactions. Assuming an average transaction size
is approximately 200 Bytes, the average maximum block size is 600
Kilobytes.

Block Time

The expected block time is 1 second.

Validator Count

As discussed earlier, Tendermint gets slower as the number of validators
grows. The number of validators at the genesis block is limited to 10.
This number will slowly increase at a fixed rate until it reaches 100
validators over a 10-year period.

   Year   # of validators
  ------ -----------------
    1           10
    2           20
    3           30
   ...          ...
    10          100

Block Reward

We set the inflation rate of 5% per year as the reward for block
validators. Because there are expectedly 31,536,000 blocks per year (1
block per second), the reward per block is $\frac{1}{6307200}$ times the
current total Band token supply.

Block Penalty

Tendermint protocol halts if at least $\frac{1}{3}$ of all the voting
power fail to accept a proposed block. To disincentivize validators from
not participating, validators that have not participated in the past 60
blocks (1 minute) are automatically have all of their Band unstaked. If
a validator acts maliciously, such as by proposing more than one block
on the height, it loses all of the staked Band token.

Band Token

Band token is the primary network token native to Band Protocol. Band
token serves three primary functionalities.

1.  Secure the network and prevent network spam through staking.

2.  Act as network token to provide global liquidity to each of the
    Community Tokens through continuous bonding curve model.

3.  Serve as a future governance token to vote on protocol upgrade.

Staking

The protocol allows network participants to stake their Band token in
exchange for consensus voting power (See 2.1). The blockchain allows
user to stake their Band token via the stake contract created at genesis
time (See  2.4).

Bonding

Band tokens are used as collateral to issue any Community Token through
a continuous bonding curve. After bonding curve is set initially in
smart contract, anyone can buy Community Token by sending Band token to
the contract. Conversely, anyone can sell Community Token back to the
contract to receive Band Token. The buying and selling prices are
algorithmically adjusted based on the Community Token’s circulating
supply and the bonding curve equation. Please refer to 3.1 for more
technical discussion regarding Community Token.

Similar to how there is a long tail of ERC20 tokens, there will be a
long tail of less liquid Community Token as data are fragmented. Band
token acts as a network token to provide global liquidity between all
Community Token and thus anyone can buy, sell or switch between any
Community Token with instant liquidity.

Governance

Once Band protocol is deployed and used to create multiple token-curated
registries, its internal logic cannot be changed easily. To upgrade, one
must deploy new contract that may potentially fork the community and
cause disruption among existing, working TCR. Upgrade can affect
security and usability of the system and therefore cannot be taken
lightly. Band Token will act as a governance token for stakeholders in
every TCR to vote for future decentralized upgrade and governance
issues. This ensures that every stakeholders will thoroughly vet new
protocol upgrades and vote in favor of those that truly align with the
best interest of the communities.

Smart Contract Execution

In Band blockchain, a smart contract is represented by a C++ class
implementation with internal states and methods, some of which are
deemed callable. The blockchain state is abstractly a mapping from a
20-byte address to a contract object together with its states. A
blockchain transaction encodes a method call at a particular address
with a certain list of parameters. Smart contracts have access to the
following global variables.

Actor

The address of the transaction’s actor. Contract can set this variable
to its own address. Normally, an account contract will set this variable
after verifying the transaction signature, before delegating the
transaction processing to another contract. (See Account Contract).

Timestamp

The time at which this block is produced, as specified by the block
proposer.

Transaction Hash

The 32-byte sha256 hash of this transaction.

Block Hash

The 32-byte hash of this block.

Block Height

The integer representing the height of this block.

Block Proposer

The 20-byte address of the block proposer.

Blockchain-Level Smart Contracts

Band blockchain comes with a set of built-in smart contracts to handle
primitive operations.

Creator Contract

There is one creator contract created at genesis. This contract provides
an interface for a transaction to add another contract to the
blockchain. The creator also determines the address of the contract that
will be created.

Account Contract

An account contract is responsible for verifying transaction validity,
setting the transaction actor, and propagating the transaction to the
target contract. The default account contract uses Ed25519 cryptographic
algorithm to verify signature. The blockchain, however, can support
other means of verification merely by adding more account contracts.

Token Contract

A token contract keeps track of the number of a particular token that
each address has. The contract provides similar functionality as the
ERC-20 contract. Band protocol, however, extends this contract to
support continuous bonding curve between different tokens (see 3.1).
There is one token contract at genesis for Band token.

Stake Contract

A stake contract allows any address to transfer the contract’s specified
token into it. There is one stake contract at genesis used to determine
the voting power of the validators. Additionally, stake contracts may be
used to create a subscription model, in which a permissioned side-chain
(See 3.3) allows members to access its information only if they maintain
community tokens staked more than a certain threshold.

Incentives and Fees

One of Band protocol’s main design goals is ease of usage. We carefully
design the protocol to have no explicit transaction fee without
introducing vulnerability to the blockchain. To achieve this goal, each
transaction doesn’t need to include a fee. However, a transaction will
be included into a block only when the sender has sufficient bandwidth
under the following rules.

-   At genesis, the blockchain is assigned two parameters max_txs to be
    the maximum transactions per block that the blockchain is able to
    handle, and multiplier to be 1.

-   At any block, the block proposer limits the maximum number of
    transactions for a particular address to the number of Band the
    address has multiplied by multiplier and max_txs divided by the
    total Band supply.

-   If the last block contains less than max_txs/2 transactions, the
    multiplier gets doubled. If the last block contains equal to or more
    than max_txs, the multiplier gets halved.

Following the aforementioned rules, each user is entitled to use the
network capacity proportional to the amount of Band he or she owns. Note
that if the blockchain is underutilized, it will allow more transactions
per second to user with lower number of Band. Due to factor of 2 change
in multiplier the blockchain can adjust the value in a very reactive
manner, e.g. it only takes 30 seconds (30 blocks) to scale the value up
by the factor of 1 billion if the network is not fully utilized,
practically allowing any transaction from anyone to get processed.

Band Protocol

Band chain provides a set of standard smart contracts to create
token-curated registries in the Band ecosystem, each with its own
intrinsic Community Token and associated bonding curve. This section
provides a set of functionalities that Band protocol is expected to
provide on day zero. It is important to note that as time evolves, this
set of Band protocol’s functionalities may change to fulfill the needs
of the Band community.

Community Token

Community Token is a personalized token used to curate a specific
dataset or registry. It has three utilities within the issued registry:

1.  Use as a stake to propose and challenge data submission

2.  Act as voting power to accept or reject data submission

3.  Access data for permissioned sidechain (free for public chain)

Community Token can be issued via a standard Community Token Issuance
Contract with customized parameter set at initialization. Once the
contract is launched, anyone can purchase newly issued Community Token
by bonding their Band Token with the contract. The Community Token can
then be used within the specific registry or community. Community Token
can also be sent back to the Issuance Contract to redeem back
collateralized Band Token. The price is determined by predefined bonding
curve function which is positively correlated with total circulating
supply of Community Token. Note that there is no secondary market for
Community Token. There are three parameters that the creator must
specify:

-   Value-Supply equation

-   Maximum supply

-   Price spread

Value-Supply Equation

This equation describes the relationship between the Community Token’s
total supply and its total value in terms of Band token. In other words,
given the current supply s, V(s) produces the total number Band
collateralized in the Community Token Contract. Notice that by defining
this value-supply equation, one can easily derive the price of Community
Token at the current total supply P(s) as the derivative of the
value-supply equation at the specific supply value:
$$\begin{aligned}
P(s) &= \frac{d}{ds}V(s) & \text{; or in other words} \\
V(s) &= \int_{0}^{s} P(s) ds
\end{aligned}$$

The total price of buying x Community Tokens at total supply s is thus
V(s + x) − V(s), or $\frac{V(s+x)-V(s)}{x}$ per token on average. As an
example, if the creator would like to have the price-supply equation
P(s) = 2s + 10, he or she must specify the on-chain value-supply
equation V(s) = s² + 10s. If participants would like to buy 3 tokens
when the current supply is 100, they must pay V(103) − V(100) = 639
Band, or 213 Band per token. Notice that this is consistent with the
price-supply equation and works even when a person wants to buy
non-integral amount of Community Token.

Band protocol allows flexibility in the equation. Specifically, any
equation that can be described in terms of recursive applications of
common unary and binary expressions on the current total supply and
constant numbers can be encoded on chain. The grammar of value-supply
equation can be formalized as:
$$\begin{aligned}
V \leftarrow
\begin{cases}
V \bigoplus V & \text{binary operation -- addition, subtraction, } \\
& \text{multiplication, division, modulus, and exponentiation} \\
\pm V & \text{unary operation -- negation, sine, and cosine} \\
s & \text{current token supply} \\
c & \text{integral constant}
\end{cases}
\end{aligned}$$

There are three major types of curve that should be useful at the
initial stage of deployment.

Monomial Curve

In this model, price is described as a monomial function in terms of
total supply. Price of the Community Token positively correlates with
its circulating supply. This encourages data curation and discourages
selling. Note that this model is similar to what Bancor  offers. The
following graph shows an example of a monomial curve with P(s) = 2s and
V(s) = s²

Polynomial Curve

This is an upgraded version from the normal monomial curve. In this
model, we remove the restriction that P(0) = 0 on monomial curve,
allowing creator to set the base price of the token at the cost of more
complicating curve. The following graph shows an example of a polynomial
curve with P(s) = 3s² − 2s + 100 and V(s) = s³ − s² + 100s

Fixed Curve

In this model, the price simply does not correlate to the current
supply. In other words, the total value is directly proportional to the
current supply. This may seem silly at first glance, but it has the
benefit of simplicity because the token always costs the same to buy.
Creator may choose this pricing model and focus more on other curating
aspects, such as challenging mechanism. Creator can also choose to limit
the maximum token supply (See 3.1.2). Note that fixed price does not
necessarily mean buy price equal to sell price (See 3.1.3). The
following graph shows a simple fixed curve with P(s) = 1 and V(s) = s.

Pricing strategy can involve complex mathematical expressions, including
trigonometry functions and integer modulus. Band protocol leaves room
for flexibility and innovation as crypto communities continue to
experiment with new bonding curve and develop new pricing strategy.

Maximum Supply

Another parameter that creator can specify is the total maximum supply
of Community Token. This variable prevents the total number of Community
Token issued by the contract from going beyond the specified value. The
variable can be set to infinite if deemed unnecessary.

Price Spread

In addition to the primary bonding curve equation, creator is able to
enforce the buy-sell price spread on the Community Token Contract. The
protocol natively allows two different flavors of price spread during
contract creation.

Constant Spread

At any time, the price of selling 1 community token is lower than buying
1 community token by c Band unit.

Rational Spread

At any time, the price of selling 1 community token is lower than buying
1 community token by c percent.

Pros of Price Spread

-   Price spread discourages speculator and reduces pump-and-dump scheme

-   Price spread can mitigate front-running problem to some degree

-   Price spread gives creator direct profit from buying and selling
    activities within the registry or community

Cons of Price Spread

-   Price spread may disincentivize risk-averse people from
    participating in the curation.

Token-Curated Registry

Band protocol blockchain includes a bundle of smart contracts necessary
to create robust public token curated registry (TCR) platforms . This
section describes the blockchain machinery that allows Band to support
TCR out of the box.

TCR Parameters and Protocols

This subsection describes the necessary parameters of a TCR and a short
summary of TCR logical flow.

TCR Parameters

-   min_stake The minimum number of tokens required to submit and
    maintain a proposal on the curated list.

-   pending_duration The amount of time that a proposal stays in the
    challengeable phase, before it is automatically approved if not
    challenged.

-   voting_duration The amount of time voters are allowed to submit a
    vote commit (a sha256 hash of the vote concatenated with an
    arbritary nonce) after the vote is open.

-   reveal_duration The amount of time voters are allowed to reveal the
    vote they submitted after the commit duration ends.

-   participation_reward_percentage The percentage of staked tokens that
    will be distributed to the voters of the winning side.

-   vote_margin The percentage of total number of votes required for a
    challenge to fail.

TCR Protocol

1.  Applicant submits a data proposal together with min_stake tokens
    staked to the Registry contract.

2.  Token holders may submit a challenge to the proposal. He or she must
    stake equal number of tokens staked by the proposal applicant.

3.  If there is no challenge within pending_duration after the proposal
    is submitted, the proposal is approved to the curated registry. Note
    that it can still be challenged at any time after the submission is
    approved.

4.  For any ongoing challenge, members of the community can submit their
    votes in a form of cryptographic hash anytime within voting_duration
    time span after the challenge is created. Token holders must stake
    tokens in order to gain voting power.

5.  After commit duration period, the voters reveal their votes. Votes
    must be revealed within reveal_duration after the commit period
    ends, otherwise they will not be counted towards the final result.

6.  If less than vote_margin believes that the item should be on the
    list, the item is removed. Otherwise, the item remains on the list.
    The leader (e.g. proposer or challenger) of the losing side loses
    all of the staked tokens. participation_reward_percentage percent of
    the total staked tokens are distributed to voters of the winning
    side. The remaining tokens are transferred to the leader of the
    winning side.

On-Chain Architecture

To support the aforementioned TCR protocol, Band blockchain preloads
with three smart contracts.

[]

Voting Contract

implements Partial-Lock Commit-Reveal Voting data structure . The
contract is binded with one token contract and allows anyone to transfer
their token into it. Once a Voting contract is created, a Registry
contract can request it to create a poll to resolve a proposal
challenge. Note that a Voting contract allows a user to participate in
multiple polls concurrently while still enforces that each user has
voting power proportional to the number of staked tokens.

Registry Contract

implements the core functionality of the TCR by maintaining a list of
curated data on the blockchain. The contract is binded with one Voting
contract and one Governance contract at the contract initialization. It
allows a user to submit and/or challenge a proposal and appropriately
distribute the rewards after the conflict is resolved. The contract’s
parameters are set to the default values at initialization, but can be
changed in a decentralized manner through its Governance contract.

Governance Contract

is a specialized Registry contract designed for governing the parameters
of another Registry contract (so called the target). In this contract, a
proposal is a packed binary representation of the target’s parameters.
If the proposal is approved (i.e. not getting challenged down), the
parameter change is applied to the target. Note that due to the high
impact nature of the proposals on this contract, min_stake and
pending_duration should be set to reasonably high values to
disincentivize attackers.

Plasma: Data Curation at Scale with Privacy

In addition to the public platform, Band protocol supports permissioned
token-curated registry. In this model, curated data is not directly
available on the Band public main chain but instead live on another
blockchain so called a side-chain. There are two major benefits of this
side-chain blockchain structure:

-   Side-chain can be configured to either be permissioned or
    permissionless. Permissioned chain allows the set of pre-specified
    validators to have total control over data publicity and privacy.
    Permissionless chain behaves similarly to the Band chain, but with
    its own set of governing rules and validators.

-   Running TCR protocol and keeping curated data in the side chain
    reduces the workload on the main chain. Therefore, Band ecosystem is
    able to scale horizontally and handle more than a million
    transactions per second, spread among all the side chains without
    compromising the blockchain security.

On-Chain Architecture

Band protocol side-chain architecture closely resembles Ethereum’s
proposed Plasma framework . On the main Band chain, anyone can create a
Plasma contract that is binded to a Token contract. The following is a
quick summary of protocol.

[]

1.  Plasma contract is created on the main chain, and a side-chain is
    spun up to synchronize with the Plasma contract. The synchronization
    includes: (1) publishing the hash of all the blocks on the
    side-chain, and (2) updating the side-chain state to reflect new
    blocks that the Plasma contract produces as a result of a user
    transfers tokens in.

2.  A user may transfer tokens to the Plasma contract. This transfer
    will appear as a block on the series of hashes that the contract
    maintains.

3.  If a user would like to exit the side-chain (i.e. Plasma exit)
    either because of the need to cash out or because of any malicious
    actions, he or she can submit Plasma exit transaction with the proof
    that the transaction exists in one of the block hashes.

4.  The exit transaction will be pending for a challenging period
    (default to 1 day), during which anyone can challenge the exit by
    submitting the proof that the transaction has already been spent in
    one of the subsequent block hashes.

5.  If there is no successful challenge during the challenging period,
    the withdrawal is successful and the Plasma contract transfers fund
    to user on the main chain. If a challenge is successful, the staked
    tokens are awarded to the challenger, and the exit transaction
    fails.

6.  Exit transactions are prioritized by block number at which the
    transaction is in. This allows members to still Plasma exit in the
    case where the validator submits a bogus transaction saying that he
    or she is the owner of all the funds and withdraw immediately.

Plasma Contract

keeps track of the side-chain application states in the form of a series
of block hashes. Band Protocol’s Plasma contract is initially designed
to follow the community-reviewed specification of Plasma MVP provided by
the Ethereum community and OmiseGO team  , but in Band native contract
format. It is responsible for accepting new tokens into the side-chain,
and resolving Plasma exit. It allows the validators to publish new block
hashes, and allows other members to transfer funds in, withdraw funds
out, and challenge another person’s withdrawal.

Side-chain Implementation

The Band chain distribution can be configured to run in side-chain mode
by providing the remote chain address and the Plasma contract address.
Under this mode, the blockchain will broadcast the hash of every block
produced on the side-chain as one transaction to the main chain. It will
also subscribe to the main chain update so that new token transfers to
the Plasma contract are constantly reflected on the side-chain.

Upgradability

Immutability of smart contracts, while has it pluses, also poses a major
challenge to the blockchain community. In particular, non-upgradable
smart contracts cannot have security fixes easily once deployed. With
Band protocol, there are two different schemes that Band chain can solve
this problem.

On-Chain Upgrade

In Band protocol, any function on a smart contract can be encoded to and
decoded from a wire format binary data. A TCR-like contract can be
created to allow members to vote on any arbitrary binary data for a
specific target contract. Once approved, this binary data can be
interpreted to the target contract’s C++ function call, which can then
be called to upgrade the contract arbitrarily through a provided
interface (which can be as arbitrary as taking a function implementation
and overwriting another existing function with it).

Blockchain-Level Smart Contract

Because smart contracts on the Band chain are community curated, built,
and run on the same layer as the blockchain source code itself. In order
to make sure that the decision to upgrade is unanimous, voting based on
Band token should be performed (See 2.2.3). If a fix or upgrade is
agreed, such implementation can be made directly through the blockchain
source code. Note that this scheme relies on block validators picking up
the changes. Due to the high stake in block reward, the validators are
incentivized to pick up changes quickly, or else people will stop
delegating Band tokens for them.

Attack Vectors

This section describes possible attack vectors to Band chain, and plans
to mitigate the potential problems.

Community Token Price Manipulation

Concern:

Due to the predictable nature of the price of community tokens, it is
possible that malicious actors can manipulate the price of the tokens in
their favor. For instance, if the attackers notice there is a buy
transaction broadcasted to the network, they expect the price to move
up, and thus buy the tokens themselves before the price rises (i.e.
Front-Running ).

Mitigation:

-   Every buy and sell transaction includes the limit price at which the
    transaction sender is willing to buy or sell. If the price moves
    beyond the limit price, the transaction is voided, and the sender is
    protected from the rapid price movement.

-   There is no concept of transaction fees in Band chain, which means
    all transactions have the same priority. Front-running is not
    possible unless the attackers are one of the block validators. Block
    validators hold large amount of tokens in the system and have very
    strong economic disincentive to attack Band chain.

-   Community token creators are encouraged to set price spread when
    defining the token’s bonding curve. That way, making profits from
    buying and quickly selling becomes much more difficult.

Replay Attack

Concern:

Malicious validators and transaction propagators can save or withhold a
transaction and replay it later when the transaction is in their favor.
For example, if a user submit a transaction to transfer tokens to the
validators, the validators may replay that transaction again to receive
more tokens.

Mitigation:

Every transaction must contain a nonce. The preloaded Account contract
provided with the blockchain layer contains a nonce. In order for the
Account contract to approve and delegate a transaction, not only does
the signature needs to match, the nonce must be strictly greater than
the nonce of the previous transaction approved by this Account contract.

Denial of Service (DOS)

Concern:

Malicious actors may spam the blockchain with meaningless transactions
to clog the network. Thus, valid transactions will not be processed in a
timely manner.

Mitigation:

It will take a huge amount of Band to remotely affect the blockchain
bandwidth. For instance, in order to consume 30% of network capacity,
the attackers must possess 30% of Band total supply. It is likely not
economically favorable for people to own so much stake in Band to attack
the system themselves.

Attacks on the Consensus Level

Concern:

Is Tendermint secured against well-known blockchain possible
vulnerabilities, including but not limited to long-range attack,
censorship attack, and fork accountability?

Mitigation:

Band chain chooses to build the blockchain infrastructure based off the
Tendermint platform due to their well-known adoptions in the blockchain
community. Most of the possible attack vectors on the consensus level
have been discussed in the Cosmos white paper and Tendermint supporting
academic theses .

Wealthy Attacker

Concern:

Wealthy adversary may use large amount of capital to buy tokens and
obtain the majority vote, essentially conduct a 51 percent attack on the
registry.

Mitigation:

Our proposed solution to create one token per registry which links the
value of token directly with the quality of the data can mitigate the
problem. If such attack occurs and data becomes less useful for the
users, the value of token is essentially destroyed since no more
followers and applicants will wish to buy tokens and submit data. Our
protocol is similar to Casper proposed by Ethereum community – such
attacker will incur so large financial loss that it does not make
economic sense to attack a registry. Each community can also decide to
fork to another registry, rendering the attack pointless.
